[Music]
So this lady has started
watching this live again where we
announced the lawsuit that
this lady filed again but I think that this
lady is not going to be something big for
example that she fights with Peppa with ard
de Troya with I don't know who you
know what for are we going to see
anything else So if it's a loop
raising the level raising the level
raising the level I think that this is already
lawsuits and lawsuits and lawsuits and
lawsuits you know that you have the
box here okay eh We don't have the link
posted today but anyway I think
everyone knows where the box is Okay and and
we have 4000 and some euros and all
these causes are going to be pursued with the
money that we are collecting in that
box which is for that Javi you are going to freak out let's
see but the thing is that she is showing me a
live show from 2023 I don't even understand
why to make a second one because
now they are working on making me a
compilation the same as the one I have the one I
have is not a  joke eh that
the one I have is not a joke having
filed in a court that does not
correspond to something that on top of that is
80% false Oh okay so the
lawsuit that we filed against him is 80%
false well that's it if there is no more it's that
this lady Mira is not going to
defend herself in court, she is not going to
defend herself, she has not appeared and she is not going to
appear, she is not going to appear, you know
and that's it Oh what I think she will do is well she
will try not to pay she will prolong it as
much as possible and when they finally seize her money she will
pay saying that it is a lie on our part it
is not a joke and we will be with
this until infinity and I will see the
money Well in 10 years
easily okay v we are not
talking about whether it will be held or not it
is that the originals are there and it
is eh everything and he is a liar parso harasser
psychological abuser
humiliator of an 83 year old woman
named Lolly huertas 83 years old he is the
worst what he grabs in front of him he does not
let go he does not care and he squeezes  let's see if he
can go over the cliff because if you
jump off the cliff he can make
a few more straight ones and he can continue
filling his pocket it's the worst thing as a
human person that I have very well
also that he has to tell some
little thing alne eh another one that goes from
secondary to a lawsuit but no But
how that from secondary the lawsuit is from
the three the lawsuit is from the three nobody is
secondary in that lawsuit the
lawsuit is from the three and the three of us
sue equally
Why is it secondary because I am the
protagonist of your lives Well
neither from there let's see let's see
what happens eh with these people who pray so much
from the chest gives good the larne we don't know the
same he has said to someone Hey listen I
know your accounts I know that you
bought a cell phone because I saw it that
you spent the money ta ta ta ta
a kiss Rosa heart and as she said no
because she said it I don't say it Abi al
the threats in epis mm that you know You
rub it well okay eh that you rub it
well threats of the threats of people
like you I already really that for  in the
morning I go to the bathroom and I say r and there you
stay well you're one of those r that
stay there you flush the toilet and it
disappears you're a piece of [ __ ] that flushes
How nice I mean How does it go it does
n't even make sense I mean I do
n't know if this is eh giving us more lawsuits
It's that I don't even understand this
real family I mean at another time
Well I would say [ __ ] she's gotten
nervous [ __ ] the chocolate but no no no
this is already
m giving away I don't know if it's giving us
lawsuits I don't even know what it is okay
threats okay threat a big mess is
going to fall on me to m to me you go file a
complaint where it doesn't correspond to you on top of that you
go to secondary school with a friend and it's
stronger eh stronger but what secondary school
and what doesn't correspond what secondary school and
what doesn't correspond if you don't want it to
correspond to that court then you have to have
already
solved it you have already given it to you you are in
Rebellion now what does it matter if what you
think because we think it does
correspond Of course it corresponds we are
three plaintiffs each  one in a
different place girl you in what you you I do
n't know exactly on that day
what planet you were in
but okay okay if you want if you
want to discuss how Diego did the
place of the lawsuit go ahead I'd
love for you to appear and we can
discuss the jurisdiction if it's all the
same to me or Loli I'm telling you it's all the
same to me Seville
or the Basque Country or if I want we can do it
in your in your place I mean it's all the same to us
wherever you want you want to discuss
territorial jurisdiction appear and
discuss it but if it's not that you don't
appear in the procedure you want to
discuss it we're going to discuss it eh come on
okay As long as you appear we can
discuss whatever you want but of course
you don't appear also my
lawyer
or this gentleman in the trial I'm not going to
see this gentleman directly I have to
ask for protective measures
precautionary or protective measures so that
this gentleman cannot contact
me because this gentleman Oh it makes sense Yes if it makes
sense for you to ask for an
order so that this gentleman cannot contact you what to
ask that it's not that he doesn't have  sense no
longer all my documentation illegally
illegally worth This man should not
have all my documentation and
this man has said about me things that are not
written in the diary well sue him
Loli you sue him but I don't care It's that
honestly to me every time this is
done to me almost all eh almost all of those I
have sued have made that type of
comment I know perfectly well what
Pablo's mouth is I know perfectly well that
many times it is unfortunate I do not
defend Pablo in that sense you
have heard me defend
Pablo from what he has said to Diego
Arrabal or Loli or Tania or Joan
Plana or whoever else he has insulted pa
nauter I no no Really So I mean
I do not defend him from those things that I
no I have never defended him from those things
that I know okay he will have whatever mouth he
has but I do not care that what I
want is for him to win the
proceedings and at the moment the ones that
we have had no none or rather the ones that
we have had yet is that of deo
Juan's friend who has won and won the appeal
too and  then the other one we had
is the case of the cador that has been admitted for
processing thanks to the insistence and
work of Pablo okay and that I hope to have
soon I hope that this year we have
the trial okay that he is already missing a couple of
resources for the guy who is saying that he
has mental problems and that
the trial does not take place okay and then what I
have with Pablo is a lawsuit against Diego
a lawsuit against Loli a lawsuit against the
serl Those are the ones I have for the
moment then when
the box is filled there will be more because I have a
few here that yes or yes have to
sue Okay Hey Pablo will win them or he won't
win them we will see with utbh the
first instance he won when he worked
with utbh then there was an appeal that
utbh did not admit for processing or did not
accept it I do not remember it is I do not remember
yes one that they did not hurt in the appeal I
think it was but that the fights
that I have with or the insults that I have
made to I do not know who I do not know how much that I do not
care that it is not my problem problem that
if  you have a problem with him or
Diego has it or I don't know who has it, let him
sue Pablo, let him sue
Pablo, I'm suing you, okay,
me, my lawyer, the person who's
working on the case, okay,
you have another problem with him, what the hell, send him,
sue him, if not, I have no other, it's that no, I don't
find the logic,
they understand the logic in
that what they have with the lawyer or
what Pablo does to him as a YouTuber, what
Pablo, what Pablo does to him as a
YouTuber, that affects my cases,
that doesn't affect my cases, no, it
has nothing to do with it, what is
being discussed here is what you
have told me and what I have told you is done,
and if it is justified that the
expressions that you have had with me, you
say them to each one that I have
filed a lawsuit against, it is because I
consider that they have no way to
justify it, they are not responding to
anything, at least at that moment, and they
violate my honor, at that moment, and
then they will argue, it is that Pablo
told me It is that  Javi told me 7 years ago that
Javi made fun of me or
criticized me whatever you want but the
expressions for me in none of the
three lawsuits are justified on what
I base my opinion because I base my
opinion on the lawsuits that have been
filed against me and on those that I have seen from
other youtubers putting themselves between them Hey,
that later very subjective then maybe
Ju takes a and
dismisses some of them then nothing happens
the costs will be paid abide by the result that I
have okay but stop throwing it
in my face that it is a very
absurd argument the problems you have with the
lawyer that the problems that you
have with the lawyer you have with the
lawyer being a youtuber on his channel is not
my concern nor what I am
really demanding Look tesa please
control the comments let's not do what we
criticize thanks mm there was tesa eh
Thanks tesa I think it can be seen that you are
helping you are throwing a lot no let's not
do it then we have
tesa's messages in a chat also saying
please don't put That's in private that's
for private eh eh come on let's
meet up No name yes this let's go let's
meet up and we're going to go but
saying please Hello how are you off off
boom off because it got out of
hand to comment on something also has it
become clear to you No I think you have
explained it very clearly eh clear those who
are here I think go for 20 or something like that eh
And if one is strong the other It's more if one
is strong the other is stronger Mr. Javier
Oliveira because you telling me
that I'm a son of a [ __ ] or that I'm a
Look at that you don't give a damn but you
telling me that you have to know what I pay
that Be careful with my cu let's see if
things are going to come out and that you say that you send
a whole tribe of people to find me
when you know that I live in a town in
Mallorca Yes lolit tud and you that and surely you will
win the lawsuit
And when that blood is made you send people
from Mexico to come well this
lady The truth is that she showed off she sends
people from Mexico Ah  because Karime went
to ask her for
this that she is saying is that she
screwed up in a few of the live broadcasts saying
ask me ask me for my information so that
the demand reaches me Ask me what I will
give it to you Javi obviously I am not going to
talk to a person like this who
is addressing me in things and that I
am suing because she is
addressing me in that way then it
was my lawyer and he asked her because she
said that we should ask her it was my
moderator and she asked her without further ado I mean no no I don't
understand the turns she
is giving to this I mean if that one is going to
be her it is that she is not going to defend herself This is she
is doing it as content the
truth is that she showed off she is one of those who
cleans the house but well in 10 minutes
but what she can clean in the house in
10 minutes and give it shine to I think she was
referring to the pipes very well Ah you
will see we are going to release again those
live broadcasts that you are talking about you will
see it is that I do not care that they upload the
live broadcasts that  I really downloaded them Loli, I don't care
if they are things that we have all
seen and that we have all lived there are a
thousand extracts on Twitter they are
delivered to the court downloaded in
full I mean it's not that I say at
minute 7 he told me this the other day no no it's
that the entire live streams are
delivered to the court It's that I think
this lady believes or is trying to
make the people who follow her understand
that we have done like Wilson
and El pelucas And those people who take an
extract and cut it so that it
seems that you are saying something else no Loli no
the live streams They are delivered on a CD or
a USB or Lex Ne I think it's called eh
And all the material is delivered and the
certificates too They are
delivered the live stream and the PDF of each
content I mean there is no no no
manipulation that is worth it really if
these are things I don't know if it is to
deceive oneself I don't know why Oh yes what I am
not going to give you are the live streams with
the comments and the chat so that you
can come and manipulate I will not record the
live stream  I go up and you eat all the
[ __ ] that you have to eat very well
of what there is and I think that what I'm
going to show you that I already told you
always keep in mind okay always keep in
mind that what I'm going to show you is only
a little what I'm going to show you is only
a little okay then Anne will also go up
who has to tell some
little thing to Anne eh another one that goes from
high school in a lawsuit but it's not
from there either let's see let's see
what happens eh with these people who give so much
chest pain well the lne we don't know
maybe I gave someone Hey listen I
know your accounts I know that you bought a
cell phone because I saw it and that you
spent the money ta and like she said no
because she said it I don't say it I the
threats in
x you know that You rub it in well okay eh
threats of threats from people like
you I already really that in the morning I go
to the bathroom and I say and there you stay well
you are one of those who stay
there the toilet is flushed and they disappear
okay threats okay threat a big
brown is going to fall on me to m to me  you go
file a complaint where it doesn't
correspond to you on top of that you go to high school with
a friend and they do more door eh more
force girl you in what you you I do
n't know exactly in what
planet in what planet you were on
that day how come you looked at us And where do I
have to I can the possibility because to It's that they
threaten her That is true I do
n't believe it personally It may be true
I'm not saying 100% that it's a lie personally I Loli huertas I don't
believe it this guy made it up to get
a high and so that people pay
attention to him and feel sorry for him but here he is
talking about the stalker issue that they
say I made up that
they all say What things no So that
all of them first went to
complain to the investigation team to
complain about them doing that
report on me but suddenly now what they
want is to take weight off the
stalker issue that is a lie how exaggerated no
What things no that they are the same but I
personally I Loli huertas I don't believe
this guy but nothing is more credible than
two kids ringing your doorbell  to
you Loli
Nothing then upload Pablo also my
lawyer u u u u to this gentleman in the
trial I am not going to see him directly
this gentleman eh I have to ask for
protection measures no no let's do it later
we have the messages from tesa in a chat
also saying eh
absolutely ridiculous not even
discuss anything or enter to discuss
absolutely nothing of this of this subject
and this procedure I think that already as
content to see it as a show Eh Well
yes yes I am not going to say never let's
talk about Loli because I don't know okay But
if suddenly it is something since he
is fighting with Peppa that Peppa
responds to him that I don't know
what little more I see in
this fore